- Are you ready, kids?
All: Aye, aye, captain!
- I can't hear you.
- ♪ ohh... ♪
♪ who lives in a pineapple
under the sea? ♪
All: Spongebob squarepants!
- ♪ absorbent and yellow
and porous is he ♪
All: Spongebob squarepants!
- ♪ if nautical nonsense
be something you wish ♪
All: Spongebob squarepants!
- ♪ then drop on the deck
and flop like a fish ♪
All: Spongebob squarepants!
- Ready?
Spongebob squarepants!
- ♪ spongebob ♪
♪ squarepants! ♪
[laughing]
♪ ♪
[waves crashing]
[upbeat ukulele music]
♪ ♪
[spongebob inhaling]
- Spongebob, how about
more krabby patties
And less heavy breathing?
- [humming words
through closed mouth]
[exhales]
- [gulps air]
- Wow!
That's the longest
I've held my breath!
Three whole seconds!
I'm gonna try
for five seconds next!
[big inhale]
- Keep that up and you'll
lose consciousness...
Tentacles crossed.
- [through held breath]
silly squidward.
I'm not gonna--
- What's goin' on
around here?
- [groggy babbling]
- Well, I could be askin' you
the same thing, boy!
- Sorry, mr. Krabs.
I was merely emulating
my latest media obsession...
[sing-songy]
kenny the cat!
- "kenny the cat"?
What in clam's name
is a "the cat"?
- He's the greatest
undersea athlete
To originate from above
the wet 'n' briny!
And he's been
shattering records all over,
Holding his breath
as he walks the ocean floor.
I want to be just like
kenny the cat!
[inhales]
That's what he does.
He walks like that
and holds his breath like that!
Kenny is a sensationality!
Haven't you noticed my recent
lettuce customizations?
- No.
- And you haven't
perused my collection
Of kenny the cat periodicals?
Or noticed kenny on every
tv channel known to fishkind?
- Uh, no.
- But what about
the kenny the cat blimp,
Which hovers over
kenny the cat sports stadium?
- Never noticed it.
- Huh.
You haven't seen him
in your wallet?
- [gasps]
me wallet?
What's he been
doin' in there?
- Oh, he's on
all the new $50 bills.
- Oh, that kenny the cat!
Well, he's a sensationality!
- Yeah! And he's visiting
bikini bottom tomorrow,
With hundreds of his
rabidly loyal fans!
- Hundreds, you say?
- Maybe even a thousand!
[cash register dings]
- Say, kiddo,
Why don't you see
if you can't get ol' kenny
And his throng of fans
To visit the ol'
krusty krab for a while?
- I shall do
my krustiest, sir!
[humming]
- [gasps]
spongebob!
Don't you want
your water helmet?
- [chuckles]
Not necessary, sandy.
Like my personal hero,
kenny the cat,
I'm a-okay!
[gasps for air]
- Well, if you ain't
gonna use your helmet,
I suggest you make it quick,
spongebob.
- Ah!
Hey, sandy,
You're kind of like
a cat, aren't you?
- Cat?
In what way am I
"kind of like a cat"?
- Well,
aren't cats and squirrels
Basically the same thing?
- We are both mammals,
But that is where
the similarities end!
Cats are no-good scoundrels,
And I ain't never
trusted one of 'em!
- Well, you can trust
kenny the!
He's the heroic cat
who's been holding his breath
For days at a time!
- I hate to precipitate
on your party, spongebob,
But that is impossible!
No air breather
could  ever do that!
Not even me!
- Very well, sandra,
if that is your stance,
Then so be it.
Could someone be jealous
Of kenny's dazzling
lung capacity?
Both: Kenny the cat!
Kenny the cat!
- You do know that kenny
won't be here until 10:00?
- Uh-huh.
- Tomorrow morning.
- Uh-huh, yeah.
14 hours is cutting it close,
but I had to work all day!
- Hopeless.
- You know, I read
in  kenny fancy magazine
That he's so used to
holding his breath,
That when he's topside,
he forgets to breathe!
- Wow!
[laughs]
Well, that'd be like me
forgetting to--
[gasps]
[sighs with relief]
There you are,
pocket taco!
[munching]
[swallows]
- Ahh.
Patrick,
have you ever gazed
Up into the starry night
And seen
kenny the cat's face?
- No.
- Find
the grouper constellation
And the dorsal constellation,
Then squint your eyes
And let the details
fall into place.
- Uh...
Oh.
I don't see it.
Kenny's really gotten
into your head lately.
- Yeah.
Kenny's awesome.
Hey!
That reminds me!
Let's paint our faces
to look like kenny!
[humming]
Perfect!
We're the biggest
kenny the cat fans ever!
- This, uh,
is getting creepy.
- Hey, buddy,
check it out!
- Sweet neptune!
Hey, spongebob,
I'm gonna go now.
Your obsession with kenny
is getting weird.
- But you didn't even
get to see
My new kenny the cat
temporary tattoo!
- Oh, that's okay.
See ya, spongebob!
- Well, I guess
it's plain to see
Who the true
kenny the cat fan is!
[alarm rings and meows]
10:00! Kenny time!
- Ladies and gentlemen,
Now is the time
you've all been waiting for!
Kenny the cat will do
his signature walk!
[cheering]
- Kenny!
[marker squeaks]
- thanks, kenny!
- Kenny, sir,
it would mean a lot
If you'd sign my official
kenny the cat spatula.
[marker squeaks]
thanks, kenny.
You're so real.
[kenny's stomach growls]
Oh, you're hungry?
What do you say we move
this autograph session
To the krusty krab?
[ding]
[babbles]
Did you see that?
Kenny just gave me
His trademark
a-okay hand sign!
Swoon! Swoon!
[excited chatter]
- One at a time!
One at a time, please!
Kenny the cat
will have time
To meet each
and every one of youse.
And I will have time
to take
Each and every one
of your dollars!
Look at meself!
I'm not being
a very good host!
Uh, excuse me!
You just make yourself
at home, kenny!
I mean,
"mister the cat"!
Here ya go.
Condiments, on the house!
Don't tell anybody!
Welcome to
the krusty krab family.
[chuckles]
- Mister the cat,
everything okay?
- [grunting]
- Say, mr. Krabs, it's gonna
be a long day for kenny.
How about we give him a minute
to freshen up?
- What an excellent idea,
spongebob.
A clean cat is
a moneymaking cat,
I always say.
Please avail yourself
of the lounge facilities.
- Well, I best get back
to manning the grill.
- This gets real uncomfortable
after awhile.
[inhales]
[gargling]
- Sorry to bother you,
mister the cat.
I just thought you'd
like a bite to--
Whoa!
- [inhales]
[exhales]
- [trembling]
- Good thing I got
this oxygen tank and mask,
Otherwise there's no way
I'd be able
To hold my breath this long.
- [trembling]
How could you, kenny?
You broke my heart.
Here I was this entire time
believing your act,
Only to discover that
it was nothing but an act.
- But it's not
what you think.
- There's no room
for thoughts now--
Only for tears.
No!
- Spongebob, wait!
Whoa.
[inhales deeply]
- I can't believe
I fell for such a phony.
[sniffles]
oh, well.
Time to move on.
I guess I don't need
my kenny the cat
Fan club membership card
anymore...
Or these kenny the cat
posters.
Oh, kenny, how could you?
[crying]
you were my idol.
You know, I should really
talk about this with someone
Or I might get depressed.
- Spongebob, please,
let me explain.
I'm just a cat
with a dream--
A dream to give
the gift of hope.
See, above water,
I'm a nobody--
Just another annoying cat.
But down here,
I'm someone special,
Someone who can
make people happy.
And if making the world
a happier place
Makes me a criminal...
[crying]
Then lock me up
and throw away the key.
Have mercy!
[whimpering]
- All right, kenny,
all right.
I promise I won't
tell anyone.
- Really?
- Yes, really.
- All right!
Thanks, bub.
You're the best friend
I ever had.
Now if you'll excuse  moi,
I gotta sign some autographs.
- Ah, the cat of the hour
is back.
[cheers and applause]
All right. You ready to sign
for these fine dollars--
I mean, uh, suckers--
I mean, uh,
some autographs.
[cheers and applause]
Well, all righty then.
That's what the consuming public
wants to hear.
- Sir, I just wanna say that
You're the biggest inspiration
Myself and my friends
have ever known.
Your ability
to hold your breath
Has changed our lives
forever.
[all grunting]
- "you're welcome.
I've been holding my breath
"for more than 20 years,
no problem.
You can too, signed
kenny the breath-holding cat."
- Hi, kenny.
Mind if I get your signature?
Gee, it sure is nice
to meet another
Air-breathing, warm-blooded
varmint down here.
- Mm-hmm.
- Just out of scientific
curiosity,
How do you hold your breath
for so long?
- Uh, we needn't
burden ourselves
With such needless scientific
technicalities, sandy.
- I'm just wondering,
spongebob.
I mean, he does defy
all scientific logic,
Considering the fact
that all air-breathing mammals
Need oxygen
to the brain and lungs
To survive for more than
three minutes.
- Hey, maybe we should
show our fine guest
A little more hospitality, hm?
- What has gotten into you,
spongebob?
Can't I talk about
what must surely be happening
From a biological standpoint?
I mean, like,
the lack of oxygen
Will tighten the capillaries
in the lungs,
Causing a dangerous level
of carbon monoxide
To rise in the bloodstream,
which in turn
Leads to a ghostly blue color
to the skin,
Followed by
eventual unconsciousness.
- I can't take it!
I need oxygen!
[all gasp]
[inhales deeply]
Ahh.
- I knew kenny was a fake.
[all grumbling]
- Liar!
- No! Come back.
Ah, thanks a lot,
you air-breathing charlatan.
And you can forget about
these free condiments too.
- Gee, kenny.
I sure am sorry
if I ruined your career.
- Aw, it's okay, spongebob.
Maybe the whole shamble
is a big wake-up call
To be honest.
- Hey, I got an idea.
Most cats hate water, right?
Well, you can be the cat
that likes water.
That way,
you're still special.
- I like it!
- Just get out of here
already.
You can never trust a cat--
or is it a dog?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- [snoring]
[mumbles]
[snoring]
- Squidward!
- Aah!
What is your problem?
- My problem is that
you aren't working,
Which means I lose
m-u-n-e-e,
Which means you lose
your j-o-b.
- Remind me again.
Is that good news
or bad news?
- Tentacles, I mean it.
You get back to mindin'
that register.
- Minding it
for which customer?
[crickets chirping]
- I see your point.
But still,
I'm not paying you
To dream sweet nothings.
Do something.
Pick up a mop, a broom,
A window wiper,
a spatula even.
- Spongebob's
got that covered.
- [humming]
[gasps]
dust specks on the window!
Don't worry, boss man,
I got it covered.
[squeegee squeaks]
That's better.
Ooh, sounds like the dishes
are done soaking.
[humming]
- That's a perfect example
of what I'm talking about--
Stayin' busy.
- I was busy, trying to forget
about this place
Till you woke me up.
- Okay, have it your way,
squidward.
Since you can't be bothered
To take
the initiative yourself,
It's clear I must
assign tasks to you.
Hm. Mr. Squidward,
scrub the walls
Of the krusty krab
till they gleam.
- Already done, sir.
- Oh, well,
that's very nice, boy.
Thank you.
But, you see,
I'm trying to give squidward
a task.
- Hm. Well, the smoke duct
needs sweeping.
- Excellent idea,
mr. Squarepants.
Squidward, I'd like you
to sweep--
[banging]
- Done and dusted.
[wheezes]
- Nice working conditions,
but no thanks.
- Ooh, is that so?
Perhaps you'd prefer
scraping the gum
Off the underside
of these tables.
- Oh, a restaurant employee
handling chewed bubblegum?
That's gotta violate
a lot of health codes.
- Not if you wear gloves,
it doesn't.
Mind if I take this to patrick
after work, mr. Krabs?
- I guess spongebob
has a handle
On all the krusty krab duties.
Which leaves you with
all the extracurriculars--
Like shining me shoes.
- Sorry. All out of polish.
- But I'm not.
- Wash me boat!
- [singing]
- Listen, squidward.
I'm gonna get a full day's work
out of you,
One way or another.
- It doesn't matter what
you want me to do,
I won't do it.
- [growls]
[chuckles]
oh, yeah?
Fine.
If you refuse to work,
Then I can't
be held responsible.
- Responsible for what,
mr. Krabs?
- For...
For...
A visit from the yeti crab!
- [gulp]
the yeti crab?
- Yeah.
Everybody's heard
of the abominable yeti crab--
With his long white hair
and six-pack abs
And yellow teeth.
And everybody knows
that he only
Comes out
of his mountain cave
To feed on lazy workers.
He's attracted to the scent.
He can smell your lazy,
lazy stench
From hundreds of miles away.
- Aah! Aah! Aah!
Oh, wait.
What am I worried about?
I'm a hardworking
self-motivated sponge.
- Yes, but that won't
make any difference.
Because of your proximity
to squidward's laziness,
You will be eaten.
- [gasps]
Squidward and I are as close
as brothers.
- Ludicrous.
- You won't think so
When that big hairy feller
wants to eat ya.
[chuckles]
Yeah, now listen up, boys.
Boss man krabs is steppin' out
for a minute,
But I want
this tub of laundry done
Before I get back.
Or--
- Or the yeti crab will
smell our laziness and eat us.
- Precisely.
See ya, boys.
- Whatever.
- Squidward,
what are you doing?
[sniffs] oh, no. Your lack
of work is taking on an odor.
- You're sure it's not
these you're smelling?
- If the yeti crab
catches wind of it,
He's gonna, you know,
eat us.
- Oh, come on, spongebob.
Krabs's yeti story
is a complete and total crock.
- [gasps]
squidward!
Mr. Krabs would never
make up something like that.
- You can believe in
whatever garbage you want to,
Just do it away from me.
Now run along and
wash krabs's undies.
- You got it, squidward.
Anything to keep
that yeti crab at bay.
[tumbling]
- [sniffs, grunts]
[sniffs]
[roars]
[sniffs, growls]
- Let me out of here,
you hairy brute.
I can find my own food.
- [growls]
[sniffs]
[chuckles]
- Good day, sir.
Are you yeti to order?
[yelps]
Oh, squidward!
- What, what, what?
Huh?
- You are not
gonna believe this.
There's a yeti crab
at table seven,
And he is sniffing out
the lazy.
- [chuckles]
of course he is.
Nice costume, eugene.
Couldn't you at least
had it dry-cleaned or pressed?
- [roars]
- Didn't brush this morning,
did we?
- Please don't eat us,
mr. Yeti.
We're not lazy.
- Oh, yes, I am.
- Oh, boy.
I'll have to work
twice as hard
To make up for
squidward's laziness.
[chuckles nervously]
A wobbly table?
Oh, we can't have that.
[grunts]
come on.
No. Here.
- [growls]
- There, perfect.
Yikes!
Time to top off the mustard.
[grunting]
See, I'm busy.
I'm organizing
the spice racks...
By color.
- [grunting]
- Ooh.
- [sneezes]
- I guess
while I'm down here,
I'll hit the ol'
grease traps again.
[grunting]
Ahh.
- [sniffs]
- Aah! I'm not lazy.
Don't eat me.
- [roars]
- I'm sorry, mr. Yeti crab.
- [sighs]
I almost feel sorry
for the little nimrod.
What the--
do you mind?
- Sorry, squidward,
just varnishing the ceiling.
- Oh, I hope you're happy,
mr. Krabs.
You're driving him insane.
- [growls]
- yeah, yeah, yeah.
You'll eat me if I'm lazy,
whatever.
- [roars]
[welding sparks]
- Not the home and garden
section!
Spongebob?
- Huh?
Oh, sorry.
Just making sure all the rivets
are securely welded.
- Spongebob,
we have no customers today.
Ergo, we have nothing to do,
No matter what that buffoon
wants you to think.
- [shushes]
squidward, he might hear you.
Don't worry, mr. Yeti crab.
We have plenty to do.
I can replenish
the toilet paper.
And redecorate
mr. Krabs's office.
And refold the napkins
into origami figures.
Knit straw cozies.
Clean the soap.
Replane the grill.
Washing inside the walls.
Sucking up every dust particle
in the restaurant.
[vacuum whirring]
- Have you lost it, spongebob?
- Lost it?
[laughs nervously]
Lost it?
What a silly thing to say.
Aah!
- [sighs]
Guess I'm down
to the comics section.
- Squidward!
You were right.
There's no more work to do.
I have done it all...
- [roars]
- Which means
he is gonna eat us!
- That does it.
I have had it
with this ridiculous ruse.
Using fear to prey
on a feeble mind.
Even spongebob
doesn't deserve that.
Enjoy spooking the witless,
eh, krabs?
Well, we'll just see
how you like it.
[grunts]
- [growling]
- [roars]
See? I can dress up
as a convincing yeti crab too.
- [roars]
- T-t-two yeti crabs?
[whimpers]
[grunts]
- Take off that phony suit,
mr. Krabs.
You're not fooling anybody.
- I'm back, fellers.
- Sorry, mr. Krabs.
I'm a little busy
Trying to pull off
this stupid mask of yours.
- Uh, squidward?
- What? Oh.
[screams]
- We're as good
as yeti food.
I blame squidward.
- Guys, do you hear that?
- You mean the sound
of my own flesh
Sizzling to a crisp?
- No, I'm talking about
the sound of a hungry customer.
He doesn't wanna eat us
for being lazy.
He wants to eat us
because he's hungry.
Fellas, leave this to me.
- [sniffs]
[chuckles]
- Way to go, boy.
He loves it.
[cash register dings]
And look,
he's a paying customer.
Come back and see us anytime,
mr. Yeti crab.
Hey, what are you two doing
standing idle?
Squidward, scrape out
the crow's nest.
- No.
- Done.
- Refinish me floors.
- No.
- Done.
- Build me a new safe.
- Nuh-uh.
- Consider it done.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org